README.md, before:

# Elijah Reed's Portfolio Website
## Overview

This is my personal portfolio website. This project serves as a showcase of my skills and a platform to learn new web development technologies. The website is built as a single-page application (SPA) using React and Vite.

## Features

- **Single-Page Application (SPA)**
- **React & Vite**
- **React Router**

This includes a:
- **About page:** Provides additional information on me, my background, and my skills
- **Project Showcase:** A dedicated section to display my web development projects with links to live demos and source code.
- **Contact Form:** A direct way for visitors to get in touch with me (via a `mailto` link).
- **Social Links:** Easy access to my professional profiles on GitHub and LinkedIn.

## Getting Started

To run this project locally, follow these steps:

1.  **Clone the repository:**
    Within your terminal, navigate to the directory where you store projects, and replace"" with the actual URL of the Git repository: git clone <repository-url>

2.  **Navigate to the project directory:**
    `cd your-repository-name`

3.  **Install the dependencies:**
    `npm install`

4.  **Start the development server:**
    `npm run dev` 

    The application will be available at `http://localhost:5173`.

## Credits
- Github: Github Icon
- LinkedIn: LinkedIn Icon

Commit message:

Updated README.md with Live link

README.md, after:

# Elijah Reed's Portfolio Website
## Overview

This is my personal portfolio website. This project serves as a showcase of my skills and a platform to learn new web development technologies. The website is built as a single-page application (SPA) using React and Vite.

[Live Netlify link](https://elijahr-portfolio.netlify.app/)

## Features

- **Single-Page Application (SPA)**
- **React & Vite**
- **React Router**

This includes a:
- **About page:** Provides additional information on me, my background, and my skills
- **Project Showcase:** A dedicated section to display my web development projects with links to live demos and source code.
- **Contact Form:** A direct way for visitors to get in touch with me (future update: via a `mailto` link).
- **Social Links:** Easy access to my professional profiles on GitHub and LinkedIn.

## Getting Started

To run this project locally, follow these steps:

1.  **Clone the repository:**
    Within your terminal, navigate to the directory where you store projects, and replace "repository-url" with the actual URL of the Git repository: `git clone <repository-url>`

2.  **Navigate to the project directory:**
    `cd your-repository-name`

3.  **Install the dependencies:**
    `npm install`

4.  **Start the development server:**
    `npm run dev` 

    The application will be available at `http://localhost:5173`.

## Credits
- Github: Github Icon
- LinkedIn: LinkedIn Icon
